HTML
nav - it is kept totally simple because this is a one page game.

1st div - "gameContainer"
This is the main div inside which there is main game as well as information and other functions related to this game which are stored in separate divs.

2nd div - "container"
Whole game is stored in this div.
This div is futher divided into 9 divs which basically represents the 9 boxes of tic tac toe.
    9 divs - "box"
    these are simply the 9 boxes of the game.

    br-0, bt-0, bl-0, bb-0 are the utility classes used for vanishing the border from the partcular side.

    div - "boxtext" inside span
    this is made to display the value of "x" or "0".

3rd div - "gameInfo"
This div contains the information related to the game along with reset, quit and other functions.
There are futher 2 divs and one main heading inside this div.
    2 divs - 



CSS
1. Before starting any project, firtlty, set the margin and padding value equal to zero.
2. google fonts are used in whole game.

nav - 1. align-items center is used to center the text horizontally.

nav ul - list-style-type none is used to remove all the styling from the list including bullets and stuff.

gameContainer - 1. justify-content center is used to center the text vertically.

container - 1. grid display is used because we have to arrange the boxes in grid format, so it is much easier to use grid than flex.
2. grid-template-rows is used for knowing how much boxes you need row wise and 10vw is the unit for measuring width and is used for reponsiveness.

box - 1. font-size is used for setting the font size of "x" and "0".
2. display flex is given inside the box to center the "x" and "0" because they are stored inside boxtext which is inside box. 

There are four utility classes which are used to vanish the boder from the certain side. like - 
1. br-0 is used for setting border right zero.
2. bl-0 is used for setting border left zero.
3. bt-0 is used for setting border top zero.
4. bb-0 is used for setting border bottom zero.



****study "vw" unit of measurement which is ued for responsiveness****

JAVASCRIPT
1. Firstly, simply audio are stored in different variables.

changeTurn - 1. it is an arrow function made for changing turns.
2. Terniary operator is used inside it. 
if turn === x, then it will return 0, otherwise it will return x.